It's Reselect and Glacier Select are features that have been around for a couple of years now, but
they do occasionally pop up on the exam.
So I just want to do a quick ferry lecture on these ones.
So starting at the top here, I've given you an example of how this works.
And in this example, we have an Lamba function and on the right hand side, we've got an ice free bucket
and in that bucket we have a zip file.
Now, let's imagine that that zip file is very big or it could be many gigabytes in size.
And within that zip file, there's lots of individual files, lots of spreadsheets or CSP or something
like that.
And you want to access a subset of the documents that are within the zip file.
Now, normally we free because it's an object storage system.
You would need to download the whole zip file and then you can extract the zip file and you can find
the data that you need with S3 select.
What you can do is use a sequel expression to look inside the zip file and then only extract the data
that you actually need.
So that can obviously reduce the amount of.
Data that you need to download and it can also reduce the cost, because your if you're pulling this
out of Adewusi, then that outbound data transfer fee is going to be reduced as well.
So those are the advantages and I've just used Lamda here as an example, you know, you could run it
in your application.
You just need to be able to run some code in this case to run the school expression.
So then we have a very similar scenario, but this is using Glacier, so in this case we have an archive
on Glacier and the same situation.
We've got a zip file maybe.
And normally with Glacier, you would need to actually retrieve your archive and then you'd have to
look in your archives to find your data.
And what you can do with Glacier Select is you can actually query your cold data in your archive just
the way that we've done up here with our S3 bucket.
And then, for instance, you might be able to find a file in a zip file or just locate some specific
data that you need and then only retrieve that particular data.
So, again, that can have some good advantages in terms of being able to query your code data in Glacier
and that can also reduce your costs.